Kevin Durant you're checking out junior
squirt breathe hey what's going on
everybody this is JR you are checking
out the sport great now the top five NBA
free agents we are on the cusp yes I
said cusp of free agency but we all know
the big dogs and people have emailed me
in Twitter and Facebook or whatever the
hell you want to call it people have
asked me about where these guys are
going and why they should go so and so
and you know what I don't know I mean
everybody's gonna find out I mean I
don't have a legal pad Britain where
everybody's gonna go but anyway here are
the top 5 free agents and how things
will probably play out and I mean hey if
I go past five guys I mean it's not the
Ten Commandments just get over it a
little bit first of all we all know the
main guy everything is going to revolve
around Dwyane Wade yeah I was joking
LeBron James I mean this guy is the
centerpiece he is like the Sun
everything revolves around what this man
is going to do and by the way I really
don't understand how a bunch of grown
men can actually call this man King
James I mean what are you groveling at
the guys feat I mean get up chill out
but everybody knows that he may go to
Cleveland or you may stay in Cleveland
rather he may go to Miami the new york
knicks and you may go to the nets I mean
how man may even go to the Mavericks of
holes bottom line is where this man
goals will dictate everything else that
happens unless you have like a widow or
somebody it doesn't matter like a rudy
Gay or Joe Johnson they say screw it let
me just son and get my money and keep it
moving second of all second guy Chris
Bosh I mean really do you think this man
is gonna stand to run so what is he
staying in too and so forth and it's
nothing against the city it's just about
the Raptors I mean there's soft I mean
he totally doesn't even want to be there
he obviously sees the writing is on the
wall it's time for me to bail if Bosh is
born I'm getting the hell up on out of
Dodge to third guy Dwyane Wade you know
what this man is probably gonna hook
with one of the power phones that are
available and there are plenty of them
you can start on the low scale there's
David Lee there's a Chris Bosh as I said
Carlos Boozer is available hey Dirk
Nowitzki he opted out Paul Pierce these
are these are small forward but you know
what Dwyane Wade's probably gonna hook
up with a power forward in Miami and
think about it why would the man leave
Miami they have topless beaches tell is
he leaving for so that's three guys
right there fourth guy amaris tired of
mine this man is probably gonna leave
the phoenix suns and he's gonna run up
and down the court and try to dunk on
people and not play any defense may be
in Miami and if he doesn't want to play
any defense at all he should come to the
New York Knicks now this fifth guy Joe
Johnson this guy is an all-star I
wouldn't call him a superstar I mean
he's so spoken I believe he's from
Alabama I mean he's nothing too
spectacular I understand he's a great
player all-star but he's not on the
level of everybody aforementioned maybe
even I'm re starting my end there but
you know what Joe Johnson just go son
the hell wherever you're not really
gonna make a difference as the main guy
sign I want to be a side guys somewhere
let me know what you guys have to take
and besides those guys yeah rudy Gay is
available Paul Pierce I believe I
mentioned him who do you want for your
team and I mean I think I name the major
guys did I miss anybody hit me up just
for breathe @ gmail.com stay tuned to
all the free agent stuff and don't read
into the rumors let's just wait and have
fun and see how the pieces fall
hopefully everybody will stop asking me
and if not i will just direct them to
this video this is junior this is a
sport brief I'm out peace